Hello everyone!  My name is Jeff Sanders and I am a Principal Escalation Engineer in Microsoft Azure Support.  Our cloud offerings are all under the Azure name and our team supports Microsoft customers who are using one of the many Azure provided infrastructure, platform and software as a service offerings we have.  

Each Support Engineer on the team specializes in technology families such as Web Applications, Azure Kubernetes, Developer technologies like Redis Cache… CDNs… Storage, Identity and Azure Active Directory solutions, Virtual Machines to include Windows.. Linux and other VMS, Networking, Networking technologies like Front Door and firewalls as well and other Azure products we offer.

The Support Escalation Engineer  is an important role for helping Microsoft support succeed because you partner with customers when they have issues using our platform and services.  It is important that we create a partnership and assure customers we are going to work together to solve their problems.  You are instrumental for helping customers use our products successfully and stay thrilled with our cloud solutions.  

As a Support Escalation Engineer  you help direct troubleshooting of tough issues primarily in your area of expertise but also outside of your focus area.  You work with the customers and other co-workers to quickly isolate what an issue may be, offer workarounds, work closely with our product groups if necessary and help the customer quickly resolve their issues.  

A successful candidate for this role is someone who has a history of or can demonstrate qualities that show us they understand the technologies they will support, can help troubleshoot complex issues and manage customers.  Each Support Engineer job on the Careers page lists more detailed requirements, based on the position you are interested in.

I came from a long history of development and decided to join the Support organization at Microsoft after hearing about the role and interviewing.  I have been in support now for 17 years!  I have been on many different teams and helped bring awesome products to support like Xbox development and HoloLens.  I now support our top customers on a special cloud support team called Azure Rapid Response.  On all these teams I found that although Microsoft is huge, there is a camaraderie and family feel wherever I have been.  Microsoft and the people I work with invest in and care for the individual and there are always new and exciting technologies to learn about.  I still love the support business and the way I get to both learn new things and solve new problems every day!  I would encourage you to consider joining Microsoft as a support engineer and start the best part of your career in empowering billions of people to achieve more!
